Implemented  soft_time_limit option for jobs (#1306)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/release-notes/version-1.3.md

- [#803](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/803) - There is now a *render_boolean* template filter in helpers, which renders computed boolean values as HTML in a consistent manner.
- [#863](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/863) - Added the ability to hide a job in the UI by setting `hidden = True` in the Job's inner `Meta` class
- [#881](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/881) - Improved the UX of the main Jobs by adding accordion style interface that can collapse/expand jobs provided by each module

> - [#885](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/885) - Added the ability to define a soft_time_limit in seconds as an attribute of BaseJob.Meta

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#885](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/885) - Added the ability to define a `soft_time_limit` in seconds as an attribute of a Job's `Meta`.
```

> - [#885](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/885) - Added the ability to define a `soft_time_limit` in seconds as an attribute of a Job's `Meta`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#885](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/885) - Added the ability to define a `soft_time_limit` and `time_limit` in seconds as attributes of a Job's `Meta`.
```
